The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .
Singer/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
Between the drama of Cube?s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .
Australian actor/director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
Post 9/11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable as intended .
This bold and lyrical first feature from Raja Amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wan na have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .
If you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out .
Maguire is a surprisingly effective Peter/Spider-Man .
A teasing drama whose relentless good-deed/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation .
A moody horror/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship .
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema.another great ` what you do n't see ' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
... spiced with humor ( ` I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around )
Even if the ride 's a little bumpy , with a final lap that 's all too suspiciously smooth , you got ta give director Roger Michell , best known for the superfluous Notting Hill , credit for trying .
So young , so smart , such talent , such a wise *** .
A highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings .
An enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St.Petersburg 's Hermitage Museum .
The heightened symmetry of this new/old Cinema Paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time .
Once again , director Jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action/effects on the spectacular scale .
Writer/director Joe Carnahan 's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .
The wanton slipperiness of * Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
Creepy , authentic and dark.This disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget .
The movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate/surf culture , the L.A. beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .
A superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .
Writer/director Mark Romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in America .
For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half .
Stephen Rea , Aidan Quinn , and Alan Bates play Desmond 's legal eagles , and when joined by Brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty Irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 't is .
Light years / several warp speeds / levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful Insurrection .
Writer/director Alexander Payne ( Election ) and his co-writer Jim Taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing .
... the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
Helps to remind the First World that HIV/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news .
A moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer Juan José Campanella 's reputation in the United States .
Steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a ** holes .
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is that rare animal known as ` a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .
Star/producer Salma Hayek and director Julie Taymor have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
In a word : No .
Stands as a document of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 .
The powerful success of Read My Lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers .
It 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair .
Writer/director Walter Hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
Parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion
If you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .
Who cares ? )
Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
But on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie .
Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she 's gon na make you feel like you owe her big-time .
In other words , it 's just another sports drama/character study .
A meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` B + . ''
Renner?s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance .
Turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts
While Bollywood/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't .
` A fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
The observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
Using an endearing cast , writer/director Dover Kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
Writer/director David Caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
K 19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick
Though writer/director Bart Freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .
More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1/2 Weeks , Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
An action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat .
It thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( Jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in Venice/Venice .
The unexplored story opportunities of `` Punch-Drunk Love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director Anderson .
And it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today .
The movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster .
A soul-stirring documentary about the Israeli/Palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements , and Schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
Writer / director M. Night Shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
A charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship .
The film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
A big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as The Hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
Bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable Italian guys .
Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
It can be safely recommended as a video/DVD babysitter .
It wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty .
A mimetic approximation of better films like Contempt and 8 1/2 .
The French director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid .
It makes me feel weird / Thinking about all the bad things in the world / Like puppies with broken legs / And butterflies that die / And movies starring pop queens
The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .
No , I love it ... hell , I du n no .
An unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .
If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors ( Dawson Leery did what ?!? )
, or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie .
Nijinsky says , ` I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
This action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
Eight Legged Freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...
Since Lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random E! True Hollywood Story .
Wes Craven 's presence is felt ; not the Craven of ` A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . '
Super Troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers/Abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers .
`` Roger Michell ( `` Notting Hill `` ) directs a morality thriller . ''
Velocity represents everything wrong with `` independent film '' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the American filmmaking scene .
It 's like every bad idea that 's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? )
An unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer/director John McKay can swallow .
a by-the-numbers patient/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
Some of it is clever , but it is never melodic /
It ca n't decide if it wants to be a mystery/thriller , a romance or a comedy .
Whenever its story is n't bogged down by idiocy involving the CIA and a lost U.S. satellite , Hunter -- starring Irwin and his American wife/colleague , Terri -- is a movie children should enjoy .
Scooby Dooby Doo / And Shaggy too / You both look and sound great .
/ But Daphne , you 're too Buff / Fred thinks he 's tough / And Velma - wow , you 've lost weight !
Acting , particularly by Tambor , almost makes `` Never Again '' worthwhile , but ( writer/director ) Schaeffer should follow his titular advice
I kept thinking over and over again , ` I should be enjoying this . '
With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams writer/director/producer Robert Rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .
One minute , you think you 're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it 's as though clips from The Pink Panther Strikes Again and/or Sailor Moon have been spliced in .
Opens as promising as any war/adventure film you 'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled `` Glory : A Soldier 's Story . ''
Collateral Damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 / 11 , an antique , in the end .
The picture , scored by a perversely cheerful Marcus Miller accordion/harmonica/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety .
Earnest but earthbound ... a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast .
Not ` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like , ` I once had a nightmare like this , and it 's now coming true ' bad .
An eccentric little comic/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality .
Writer/director John McKay ignites some charming chemistry between Kate and Jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it 's disastrous and Kate 's jealous female friends become downright despicable .
... has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
Got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 - hour , dissipated length .
I think it was Plato who said , ` I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
( Less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment .
A gushy episode of `` M * A * S * H '' only this time from an Asian perspective .
Writer/director Burr Steers emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .
The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon/Bourne or his predicament .
If Disney 's Cinderella proved that ` a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
Hey everybody , wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
This Scarlet 's letter is A. .
This romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
Co-writer/director Jonathan Parker 's attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
Stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** .
No cute factor here ... .
By halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... .
Then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
A nearly 21/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .
There 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale .
But no .
... familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) Franc .
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / Marine/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .
Although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
Welles groupie/scholar Peter Bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst .
Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
For all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time .
Represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller/horror genre .
The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 / 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .
This 90-minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson 's E! True Hollywood Story .
In a big corner office in Hell , Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24/7 .
Though uniformly well acted , especially by young Ballesta and Galan ( a first-time actor ) , writer/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .
Deuces Wild treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
As his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in Long Time Dead says ` I 'm telling you , this is f *** ed ' .
Shame on writer/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .
Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita '' .
Belongs in the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video/DVD category , and this is why I have given it a one-star rating .
An imaginative comedy/thriller .
