The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .
Singer/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
Between the drama of Cube?s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .
`` Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations . Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
Australian actor/director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
Post 9/11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable as intended .
This bold and lyrical first feature from Raja Amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wan na have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .
If you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . You 'll probably love it .
... the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes `` What Time Is It There ? '' something the true film buff will enjoy .
`` Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! '' near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
... has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they 're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . It 's a sly wink to The Others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its `` men in a sardine can '' warped logic .
The Sundance Film Festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing . ` Tadpole ' was one of the films so declared this year , but it 's really more of The Next Pretty Good Thing .
The actors are fantastic . They are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
( Taymor ) utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . This is n't a new idea . It 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
Maguire is a surprisingly effective Peter/Spider-Man .
A teasing drama whose relentless good-deed/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation .
`` Antwone Fisher '' is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by Washington . It wo n't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
A moody horror/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship .
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema.another great ` what you do n't see ' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
No wonder they 're talking about `` Talk to Her . '' It 's astonishing .
... spiced with humor ( ` I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around )
There 's an energy to Y Tu Mamá También . Much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
Even if the ride 's a little bumpy , with a final lap that 's all too suspiciously smooth , you got ta give director Roger Michell , best known for the superfluous Notting Hill , credit for trying .
So young , so smart , such talent , such a wise *** .
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ? '' feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
The long-range appeal of `` Minority Report '' should transcend any awards it bags . This is one for the ages .
An enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St.Petersburg 's Hermitage Museum .
The heightened symmetry of this new/old Cinema Paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time .
A blessed gift to film geeks and historians . If the ' 70 's were your idea of a good time at the movies , this will make you very happy .
Once again , director Jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action/effects on the spectacular scale .
Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
Writer/director Joe Carnahan 's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .
The wanton slipperiness of * Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
Remember the kind of movie we were hoping `` Ecks vs. Sever '' or `` xXx '' was going to be ? This is it .
Creepy , authentic and dark.This disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget .
The movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate/surf culture , the L.A. beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .
A superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .
Mr. Tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and What Time Is It There ? should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor .
Writer/director Mark Romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in America . It 's a scathing portrayal .
For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half .
Stephen Rea , Aidan Quinn , and Alan Bates play Desmond 's legal eagles , and when joined by Brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty Irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 't is .
Light years / several warp speeds / levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful Insurrection . Which is n't to say that it 's the equal of some of its predecessors .
Some movies blend together as they become distant memories . Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now and I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
Writer/director Alexander Payne ( Election ) and his co-writer Jim Taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing .
... the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
This movie got me grinning . There 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
( Haynes ' ) homage to such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life '' transcends them . Simply put , `` Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . It 's a quirky , off-beat project .
The last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful . Mr. Koshashvili is a director to watch .
The Pianist ( is ) a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . Here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
What makes the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers . Weaver and LaPaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
Mr. Spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . And they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex . This is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .
Helps to remind the First World that HIV/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news .
`` Red Dragon '' is entertaining . An obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? But it is entertaining on an inferior level . It is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
A moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer Juan José Campanella 's reputation in the United States .
Steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a ** holes .
That Storytelling has value can not be denied . Not even Solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
Twist open the Ouzo ! It 's time to let your hair down -- Greek style . A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is that rare animal known as ` a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .
It may not be history -- but then again , what if it is ? -- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
Star/producer Salma Hayek and director Julie Taymor have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
Stands as a document of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 .
The powerful success of Read My Lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers .
The movie is well crafted , and well executed . If you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess - but that does n't make the movie any less entertaining .
It 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair .
Writer/director Walter Hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
This new Time Machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable . Even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .
Parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion
The Son Of The Bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . This movie is to be cherished .
Walter Hill 's Undisputed is like a 1940s Warner Bros. . B picture , and I mean that as a compliment .
If you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .
`` Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . If you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it . If you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''
Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
It 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems . But on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie .
Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she 's gon na make you feel like you owe her big-time .
A. . . cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .
In other words , it 's just another sports drama/character study . Yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . Plus , like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall ! C'mon !
A meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` B + . '' I love the robust middle of this picture .
Renner?s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance . See it for his performance if nothing else .
Turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts
While Bollywood/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't .
`` The Quiet American '' begins in Saigon in 1952 . That 's its first sign of trouble .
` A fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
What a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . This is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
`` Nicholas Nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year . Charlie Hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero .
The observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
Using an endearing cast , writer/director Dover Kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
Writer/director David Caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
Bon appétit ! Just like a splendid meal , Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
K 19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick
Though writer/director Bart Freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .
`` Sum '' is Jack Ryan 's `` do-over . '' Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . Especially give credit to Affleck .
This is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . Mr. Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1/2 Weeks , Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene . Merry friggin ' Christmas !
Most haunting about `` Fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . Noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us
An action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat .
`` Secretary '' is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal . Maggie G. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
`` Frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . And , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
It thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( Jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in Venice/Venice .
The unexplored story opportunities of `` Punch-Drunk Love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director Anderson .
While not quite `` Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. '' , it 's not too bad . It 's worth taking the kids to .
At the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , `` I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . '' Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much !
`` On Guard ! '' wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil , have a whale of a good time .
Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . And it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today .
The movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster .
( `` Safe Conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . Viva le Resistance !
A soul-stirring documentary about the Israeli/Palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements , and Schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
Writer / director M. Night Shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
A charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship .
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
The film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
A big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as The Hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
`` What really happened ? '' is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
The Pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List . But Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .
Bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable Italian guys .
A `` black Austin Powers ? '' I prefer to think of it as `` Pootie Tang with a budget . '' Sa da TAY !
A brutal and funny work . Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy . That is because - damn it ! - I also wanted a little alien as a friend !
Although I did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either . It can be safely recommended as a video/DVD babysitter .
You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride . Samuel L. Jackson is one of the best actors there is .
Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball . '' Enough said , except : Film overboard !
There 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening . `` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .
Sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . But never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
If H.G. Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ? ` It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point . '
It wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty .
A mimetic approximation of better films like Contempt and 8 1/2 .
The French director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
It throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` Look at this ! This is an interesting movie ! '' But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid .
It wo n't harm anyone , but neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it . After all , it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
Every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . Frank McKlusky C.I. is that movie !
It makes me feel weird / Thinking about all the bad things in the world / Like puppies with broken legs / And butterflies that die / And movies starring pop queens
The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .
The Master of Disguise is funny -- not `` ha ha '' funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny . And for all the wrong reasons besides .
Ultimately , in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 . Zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
I like it . No , I hate it . No , I love it ... hell , I du n no .
Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original . If I want music , I 'll buy the soundtrack . If I want a real movie , I 'll buy the Criterion DVD .
An unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .
With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies ? Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
As the movie dragged on , I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .
Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
the phone rings and a voice tells you you 've got seven days left to live . Then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees . O.K. , not really .
Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` Unfaithful . '' Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
Producer John Penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . '' Ignoring that , he made Swimfan anyway
If you 're a Crocodile Hunter fan , you 'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film . If you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
Nijinsky says , ` I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
This action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . That 's because relatively nothing happens .
Eight Legged Freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...
Since Lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random E! True Hollywood Story .
Wes Craven 's presence is felt ; not the Craven of ` A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . '
... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did I miss something ? '' ending .
The Château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . Not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .
Super Troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers/Abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers .
One-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . ... Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
An overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . Sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery .
Who are ` they ' ? Well , they 're ` they ' . They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . They exist for hushed lines like `` They 're back ! '' , `` They 're out there ! '' and `` They 're coming ! ''
`` Roger Michell ( `` Notting Hill `` ) directs a morality thriller . ''
Why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ? Would n't one about their famous dad , author of Death in Venice , etc. , be more valuable ?
Velocity represents everything wrong with `` independent film '' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the American filmmaking scene .
An unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer/director John McKay can swallow .
`` The Time Machine '' is a movie that has no interest in itself . It does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored .
A morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other . It 's a feature-length adaptation of one of those `` Can This Marriage Be Saved ? '' columns from Ladies Home Journal ...
a by-the-numbers patient/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton . If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
Some of it is clever , but it is never melodic /
Tambor and Clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic . Both deserve better .
Let 's hope -- shall we ? -- that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .
It ca n't decide if it wants to be a mystery/thriller , a romance or a comedy .
Whenever its story is n't bogged down by idiocy involving the CIA and a lost U.S. satellite , Hunter -- starring Irwin and his American wife/colleague , Terri -- is a movie children should enjoy .
Scooby Dooby Doo / And Shaggy too / You both look and sound great . / But Daphne , you 're too Buff / Fred thinks he 's tough / And Velma - wow , you 've lost weight !
comes off like a rejected ABC Afterschool Special , freshened up by the dunce of a Screenwriting 101 class . ... Designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , `` Crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .
Anyway , for one reason or another , Crush turns into a dire drama partway through . After that , it just gets stupid and maudlin . Too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it 's not a total loss .
You see Robert De Niro singing - and dancing to - West Side Story show tunes . Choose your reaction : A. ) That sure is funny ! B. ) That sure is pathetic !
If the title is a Jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` How does Steven Seagal come across these days ? '' or maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
Acting , particularly by Tambor , almost makes `` Never Again '' worthwhile , but ( writer/director ) Schaeffer should follow his titular advice
I kept thinking over and over again , ` I should be enjoying this . ' But I was n't .
It becomes gimmicky instead of compelling . `` Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams writer/director/producer Robert Rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .
`` My god , I 'm behaving like an idiot ! '' Yes , you are , Ben Kingsley .
Scotland , Pa. is a strangely drab romp . Some studio pizazz might have helped .
But buying into sham truths and routine `` indie '' filmmaking , Freundlich has made just another safe movie . It 's not horrible , just horribly mediocre .
`` Juwanna Mann ? '' No thanks . Wewannour money back , actually .
One minute , you think you 're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it 's as though clips from The Pink Panther Strikes Again and/or Sailor Moon have been spliced in .
Opens as promising as any war/adventure film you 'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled `` Glory : A Soldier 's Story . ''
Collateral Damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 / 11 , an antique , in the end . As are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness .
The picture , scored by a perversely cheerful Marcus Miller accordion/harmonica/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety .
Ben Affleck as Jack Ryan , Tom Clancy 's intrepid hero ? Ridiculous . What 's next ? D.J. Qualls as Indiana Jones ? Or Tom Green as Han Solo ?
Britney 's performance can not be faulted . Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
Earnest but earthbound ... a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast .
`` Men in Black II , '' has all the earmarks of a sequel . The story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care ?
Bears is bad . Not ` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like , ` I once had a nightmare like this , and it 's now coming true ' bad .
An eccentric little comic/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality .
Mr. Wedge and Mr. Saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well . Their film falters , however , in its adherence to the Disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that I 'd hoped the movie would avoid .
Writer/director John McKay ignites some charming chemistry between Kate and Jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it 's disastrous and Kate 's jealous female friends become downright despicable .
... has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
Got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 - hour , dissipated length .
I think it was Plato who said , ` I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
( Less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment .
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . In the wrong hands , i.e. Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
A gushy episode of `` M * A * S * H '' only this time from an Asian perspective .
This version of H.G. Wells ' Time Machine was directed by H.G. Wells ' great-grandson . They should have found Orson Welles ' great-grandson .
Writer/director Burr Steers emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .
The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon/Bourne or his predicament .
Blue Crush is as predictable as the tides . ... The movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
If Disney 's Cinderella proved that ` a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
`` ( Hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . No , even that 's too committed . He gets his secretary to fax it . ''
Hey everybody , wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? I did n't think so .
... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . This Scarlet 's letter is A. . . as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
This romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
Co-writer/director Jonathan Parker 's attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
`` The Tuxedo '' should have been the vehicle for Chan that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey . Alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .
For a film about explosions and death and spies , `` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film . Well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
Stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** . No cute factor here ... . Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
`` I blame all men for war , '' ( the warden 's daughter ) tells her father . The movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
By halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... . Then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
A nearly 21/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .
There 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale .
The most horrific movie experience I 've had since `` Ca n't Stop The Music . '' It may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . '' It 's that painful .
After Collateral Damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . But no .
It is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure ! It 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good . And I expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch .
... familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) Franc . Reyes ' word processor .
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / Marine/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .
One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . Proof of this is Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever .
... passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k. court house of life type of flick . Strictly middle of the road .
Although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
Whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . But , no , we get another scene , and then another . You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
I have no problem with `` difficult '' movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out . But first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
Welles groupie/scholar Peter Bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst .
Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
For all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time .
Represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller/horror genre .
essentially `` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . ... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...
A weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media subcultures . But it does n't leave you with much .
The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 / 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .
Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff . Nor is it a romantic comedy .
This is a children 's film in the truest sense . It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids . Parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there is n't enough clever innuendo to fil
This 90-minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson 's E! True Hollywood Story .
In a big corner office in Hell , Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24/7 .
Though uniformly well acted , especially by young Ballesta and Galan ( a first-time actor ) , writer/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .
`` One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? '' Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?
In a 102-minute film , Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time . ... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''
None of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond , but much of it is good for a laugh . The problem with `` XXX '' is that its own action is n't very effective .
Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks . He does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .
I walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like . Why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care .
The movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine . ' But its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
Watching `` Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale . You ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
Deuces Wild treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
... hopefully it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around . Wait to see it then .
Showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . Those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .
If it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo . If nothing else , `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
As his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in Long Time Dead says ` I 'm telling you , this is f *** ed ' . Maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
The first question to ask about Bad Company is why Anthony Hopkins is in it . We assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
Shame on writer/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .
Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita '' .
Belongs in the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video/DVD category , and this is why I have given it a one-star rating .
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . It 's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you 'll likely think of this one .
an `` O Bruin , Where Art Thou ? '' - style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .
the Venezuelans say things like `` si , pretty much '' and `` por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans . That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly . ''
Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . Yep , it 's `` Waking up in Reno . '' Go back to sleep .
Is `` Ballistic '' worth the price of admission ? Absolutely not . It sucked . Would I see it again ? Please see previous answer .
One of the worst movies of the year . ... Watching it was painful .
An imaginative comedy/thriller .
It strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain . Fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director Phillip ) Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
See it . Debate it . Remember it .
Weird . Rewarding .
Bad company . Bad movie . Just plain bad .
Generic thriller junk . Teens only .
Stay away . Far away .
Bearable . Barely .
Her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost . In this case zero .
