This bold and lyrical first feature from Raja Amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wan na have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .
If you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . You 'll probably love it .
The Sundance Film Festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing . ` Tadpole ' was one of the films so declared this year , but it 's really more of The Next Pretty Good Thing .
The actors are fantastic . They are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
( Taymor ) utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . This is n't a new idea . It 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
There 's an energy to Y Tu Mamá También . Much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
Even if the ride 's a little bumpy , with a final lap that 's all too suspiciously smooth , you got ta give director Roger Michell , best known for the superfluous Notting Hill , credit for trying .
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ? '' feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
Stephen Rea , Aidan Quinn , and Alan Bates play Desmond 's legal eagles , and when joined by Brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty Irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 't is .
This movie got me grinning . There 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
The Pianist ( is ) a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . Here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
What makes the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers . Weaver and LaPaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex . This is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .
`` Red Dragon '' is entertaining . An obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? But it is entertaining on an inferior level . It is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
That Storytelling has value can not be denied . Not even Solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
Twist open the Ouzo ! It 's time to let your hair down -- Greek style . A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
It may not be history -- but then again , what if it is ? -- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
This new Time Machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable . Even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .
The Son Of The Bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . This movie is to be cherished .
`` Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . If you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it . If you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''
It 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems . But on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie .
Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she 's gon na make you feel like you owe her big-time .
A meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` B + . '' I love the robust middle of this picture .
`` Nicholas Nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year . Charlie Hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero .
Bon appétit ! Just like a splendid meal , Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
Most haunting about `` Fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . Noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us
`` Frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . And , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
`` On Guard ! '' wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil , have a whale of a good time .
Sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . But never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
It wo n't harm anyone , but neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it . After all , it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
Ultimately , in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 . Zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
I like it . No , I hate it . No , I love it ... hell , I du n no .
Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original . If I want music , I 'll buy the soundtrack . If I want a real movie , I 'll buy the Criterion DVD .
As the movie dragged on , I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .
the phone rings and a voice tells you you 've got seven days left to live . Then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees . O.K. , not really .
MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . That 's because relatively nothing happens .
... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did I miss something ? '' ending .
The Château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . Not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .
An overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . Sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery .
Who are ` they ' ? Well , they 're ` they ' . They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . They exist for hushed lines like `` They 're back ! '' , `` They 're out there ! '' and `` They 're coming ! ''
an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton . If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
Tambor and Clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic . Both deserve better .
Anyway , for one reason or another , Crush turns into a dire drama partway through . After that , it just gets stupid and maudlin . Too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it 's not a total loss .
If the title is a Jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` How does Steven Seagal come across these days ? '' or maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
`` Juwanna Mann ? '' No thanks . Wewannour money back , actually .
Britney 's performance can not be faulted . Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
Hey everybody , wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? I did n't think so .
Stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** . No cute factor here ... . Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
After Collateral Damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . But no .
It is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure ! It 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good . And I expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch .
Whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . But , no , we get another scene , and then another . You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
I have no problem with `` difficult '' movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out . But first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
This is a children 's film in the truest sense . It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids . Parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there is n't enough clever innuendo to fil
The movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine . ' But its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
... hopefully it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around . Wait to see it then .
If it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo . If nothing else , `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
As his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in Long Time Dead says ` I 'm telling you , this is f *** ed ' . Maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
The first question to ask about Bad Company is why Anthony Hopkins is in it . We assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . It 's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you 'll likely think of this one .
It strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain . Fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director Phillip ) Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
See it . Debate it . Remember it .
Weird . Rewarding .
Bad company . Bad movie . Just plain bad .
Generic thriller junk . Teens only .
Stay away . Far away .
Bearable . Barely .
